---
title: Spring is here!
subtitle: Session 3 classes and studio happenings
date: 2025-04-13
---

{{< basic-image class="floatright" src="/img/2025-04/dps-ribbon-cutting.jpg" alt="Studio ribbon cutting" width="50%">}}


Greetings Potters!

Spring is on the way, and things are blooming here at Dover Pottery Studio! We celebrated our official ribbon cutting over the winter and have been busy ever since—offering more classes, building community connections, and expanding our programs.

Whether you're a returning student or trying pottery for the first time, there's a seat at the wheel waiting for you. We’re excited for what’s ahead this season and look forward to seeing you in the studio soon!

<!--more-->

## 2025 Session 3 Registration

Our next session of classes begins in May, and registration is now live!

Most of our popular classes and time slots are returning, along with a few new single-session offerings on different days and times to give you more flexibility.

Head to the [Classes page](/page/classes) in the Kilnfire app to explore what's available and reserve your spot. You can also give the gift of pottery with our [Studio Gift Certificates](https://doverpotterystudio.kilnfire.com/gift-card).

{{< basic-image src="/img/2025-04/dps-wheel1.jpg" alt="People using pottery wheels">}}

## A Growing Studio

Our studio family has grown and we now have a few interns. Bridget and Karen have been with us since the beginning and we now have welcomed Patrick and Oran. One of them will be around during Open Studio times.

{{< basic-image class="floatleft" src="/img/2025-04/dps-liz.jpg" alt="Our new teacher, Liz Eitel" width="30%">}}

In our next session we are also pleased to announce a new teacher! Liz has a BA in Ceramics from Gallaudet University in Washington DC and has been making pots for 15 years. She loves to make functional work and is forever working on perfecting the most comfortable coffee mug. She loves teaching ceramics and helping new potters grow their personal style and troubleshoot all their clay woes. When she’s not in the studio, she can be found outside in the garden, reading a book, or on an adventure with her husband and their dogs.

Liz will be team teaching with Kim for an Intro to Pottery class this month, and then will be teaching a 7-week All-level wheel class on Wednesday mornings starting in May.


## Open Studio Times

We’ve made a small change to our Open Studio schedule. Open Studio is a time for students enrolled in full 7-week classes to come in and work independently. It’s also when all students can drop by to pick up their finished pieces.

The updated hours are:

- Tuesdays 5–9 PM
- Thursdays 9 AM–1 PM
- Saturdays 10 AM–2 PM

{{< basic-image src="/img/2025-04/dps-wheel-class.jpg" alt="People taking a pottery wheel class" >}}

## Outreach & Partnerships

At the Studio, community is at the heart of everything we do. That means not only creating a welcoming space for our students and members, but also engaging with our local Dover community through partnerships, outreach, and support for local causes. We’ve enjoyed working with the Greater Dover Chamber of Commerce to host events that bring local businesses together.

{{< basic-image class="floatright" src="/img/2025-04/north-country-cider.jpg" alt="North Country Hard Cider" width="25%">}}

Recently, we’ve had the joy of leading hands-on pottery sessions for the All Abilities Club and the teen group at the Dover Public Library. We also collaborated with the GFWC Dover Area Woman’s Club to create handmade terracotta planters in support of charitable work.

We’re excited to continue building connections and are currently planning future events with additional local organizations.

And due to the success of our first Clay & Cider class, we’re thrilled to announce that this popular series will continue—visit the website to view and register upcoming Clay & Cider classes.

To stay up to date on new classes and happenings, subscribe to our newsletter below.

{{< basic-image class="centered" src="/img/2025-04/dps-kiln.jpg" alt="Kiln with bisqued pottery" width="60%">}}