---
title: Winter News
subtitle: New classes and equipment
date: 2025-02-09
---

Greetings Potters!

2025 is off to a great start at the Studio! Since we’ve open, we’ve been tweaking our class schedules to better fit our community’s needs while adding new equipment to expand creative possibilities. We finally have a sign on the building and registration is now openfor Session 2 (March-April).

Whether you're a returning student or diving into pottery for the first time, there's something for you. We’re looking forward to a great year and can’t wait to see you in the studio!

{{< basic-image class="floatleft" src="/img/2025-02/dover-pottery-studio-sign.jpg" alt="Studio sign" width="40%">}}

<!--more-->

## 2025 Session 2 Registration

Our Session 2 classes, starting in March, are now open for registration! We’re keeping most of the same classes and times, while adding in a few single session classes at different days and times.

Visit our [classes page](/page/classes) to browse our existing classes. You can also give the gift of pottery with our [Studio Gift Certificates](https://doverpotterystudio.kilnfire.com/gift-card).

## Studio Upgrades

We’ve added some new equipment over the past couple of months—a new wheel for the classroom, along with a Northstar slab roller and extruder. We also stocked up on a variety of die cuts for the extruder, so you can get creative and experiment with new designs.

{{< basic-image class="floatright" width="50%" src="/img/2025-02/dover-pottery-studio-extruder.png" alt="Clay extruder" >}}

## Studio Memberships

Our membership is steadily growing, and it's incredible to see the vibrant community forming at Dover Pottery Studio. Open Studio times are bustling, with students honing their skills and members creating a wide variety of pieces on their own schedules.

For those finishing classes and considering the next step, membership offers a fantastic opportunity to continue your pottery journey. If you're interested, see our [membership page](/page/memberships) and fill out inquiry form. Kim will be in touch to discuss how we can support your goals.

To stay up to date on new classes and happenings, subscribe to our newsletter below.

{{< basic-image class="centered" width="50%" src="/img/2025-02/dover-pottery-studio-kiln.jpg" alt="Kiln filled with glazes pottery">}}